feat(azure): reduce time/memory by running specific sub-services (#3451)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/modules/azure.md

When starting the Azurite container, you can pass options in a variadic way to configure it.

#### WithEnabledServices

> - Since <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/releases/tag/v0.40.0"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: v0.40.0</span></a>

Reviewer: As per https://golang.testcontainers.org/contributing/#adding-functional-options
```suggestion
- Not available until the next release <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>
```
